excuse me sir you're standing on my
sleeve I might point out you're lying
under my bench one so sorry and my boys
bothering you
Jay and Barney pleased to meet you jam
bar the author he was looking for the
inspiration he had lost your play this
evening I'm talking to better they were
longing for the family they once had
he died in her husband he left time for
boys what began as a chance encounter
perhaps we'll see you it's more than
will never change their lives
please may I take your hat you are not
my father
this is a different boy since his father
died just dark blue Peter just a dog the
wee bit of imagination I can see the
Great Bear Porthos
striving to be some kind of public
eccentric I should be aware of what some
people have been saying have you no idea
how much your friendship has already
cost my daughter always need a father
are you suggesting your next films
presents the best you're reading James
the story of a man what's it like
Neverland one day I'll take you who only
get the world's imagination then where
should never be sent to bed they always
wake up a day older and the people need
to go and pretend with you who inspired
him you are a man who is a fairy right
and this girl calls herself tender
it's never
Cheers
kate winslet Julie Christian and Dustin
Hoffman you can visit me anytime you
like I believe it better just believe
Finding Neverland
you